Personal identification: username, email, password
Choose time of day user would like daily cycle to reset, choose time for daily reminders

Mental Health Metrics (probably measured on Likert/radio scale, use items from existing and reliable surveys used in psychology research)
Done daily with results stored and compared over weeks and months. Help user determine cause if there is one and suggest solutions

Depression:
Have you had persistant feelings of sadness over the past 24 hours?
Feelings of emptiness or numbness?
Feelings of hopelessness?
Lack of interest in things you in joy?
Difficulty focusing?
Difficulty with memory?
Little motivation?
Fatigue or tiredness?
Poor apetite or excessive eating?
Irritability?
Mood swings?
Social withdrawal?

Anxiety:
Have you felt persistantly on edge over the past 24 hours?
Experienced feelings that something bad might happen?
Have you felt badly about yourself or been hard on yourself?
Do you feel as if you don't belong?
Have you been overthinking things?
Trouble falling asleep or staying asleep?
Worrying about things out of your control?
Ruminating on the past?

Other (how much should we expand on symptoms outside of depression/anxiety/mood):
Have you engaged in repetitive or compulsive behaviors today? (OCD)
How much have you struggled with intrusive thoughts today?
Have you avoided eating today due to negative self-image? (Anorexia)
Have you induced vomiting after eating? (Bulimia)
Hallucinations?
Unconventional beliefs/delusions?
Sensitivity to sound or light, or overstimulation?

General:
What medications do you take, if any? What do they treat? (Are we allowed to ask this)
How much have you exercised (to the point of getting your heart rate up) in the past 24 hours?
How much sleep did you get last night?
How much have you eaten today?
How much time did you spend doing something you enjoy?

Suicide/self-harm (We would obviously need to figure out the ethics of tracking this; should provide resources for help whether we ask about it or not. 
How much responsibility would we have for the user's safety and to what level would we be expected to intervene if someone is high risk?):
Have you thought about harming yourself today?
How many times?
Did you harm yourself today?
How many times?
How much harm was done? (Any physical injuries such as bleeding or bruising, etc)
Have you thought about killing yourself today?
If so, do you have a plan?
Do you have the means to do it?
On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the highest, how badly do you want to die?
